Added XML file location (#116)
Fmstrat/winapps: docs/KVM.md

![](kvm/00.png)

> Next, go to `Edit`->`Preferences`, and check `Enable XML editing`, then click the `Close` button. If you have an older version of virt-manager without support for xml files, you can edit it on `/etc/libvirt/qemu/NAME_OF_THE_VM.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, go to `Edit`->`Preferences`, and check `Enable XML editing`, then click the `Close` button.

If you're using a version of virt-manager that is not >2.2.0 you won't have the XML editing option. Instead you need to use `virsh edit <vmname> `.
```
